feat: add `stats/nanmean` (#7968)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/nanmean/README.md

    <br>
</div> -->

<!-- </equation> -->

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<section class="usage">

## Usage

```javascript
var nanmean = require( '@stdlib/stats/nanmean' );
```

#### nanmean( x\[, options] )

Computes the [arithmetic mean][arithmetic-mean] along one or more [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions, ignoring `NaN` values.

```javascript
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );

var x = array( [ 1.0, NaN, -2.0, 4.0 ] );

var y = nanmean( x );
// returns <ndarray>

var v = y.get();
// returns 1.0
```

The function has the following parameters:

-   **x**: input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Must have a real-valued or "generic" [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
-   **options**: function options (_optional_).

The function accepts the following options:

-   **dims**: list of dimensions over which to perform a reduction. If not provided, the function performs a reduction over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> -   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. Must be a real-valued or "generic" [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. Must be a real-valued floating-point or "generic" [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
```

```javascript
var array = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/array' );
var zeros = require( '@stdlib/ndarray/zeros' );

var x = array( [ 1.0, NaN, -2.0, 4.0 ] );
var y = zeros( [] );

var out = nanmean.assign( x, y );
// returns <ndarray>

var v = out.get();
// returns 1.0

var bool = ( out === y );
// returns true
```

The method has the following parameters:

-   **x**: input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. Must have a real-valued or generic [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
-   **out**: output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
-   **options**: function options (_optional_).

The method accepts the following options:

-   **dims**: list of dimensions over which to perform a reduction. If not provided, the function performs a reduction over all elements in a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<section class="notes">

## Notes

-   Setting the `keepdims` option to `true` can be useful when wanting to ensure that the output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is [broadcast-compatible][@stdlib/ndarray/base/broadcast-shapes] with ndarrays having the same shape as the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

> -   The output data type [policy][@stdlib/ndarray/output-dtype-policies] only applies to the main function and specifies that, by default, the function must return an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having the same [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] as the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor]. For the `assign` method, the output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is allowed to have any supported output [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The output data type [policy][@stdlib/ndarray/output-dtype-policies] only applies to the main function and specifies that, by default, the function must return an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having a real-valued floating-point or "generic" [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. For the `assign` method, the output [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] is allowed to have any supported output [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes].
```
